TODO:
Opponent card drag
Animation for ongoing discarding (hour glass shattering)
Redo attack animation positioning
sad animation and happy animation for portraits win loss
Info when moving card
Card draw animation
Card backgrounds
card icons for each row
MASSIVE INTERCEPT BUG WHERE INTERCEPT CAN HIT TWO PEOPLE IN FRONT ROW CAUSE OF HOW THE MEET HALFWAY WORKS
Infopanel after move
Upgrade + targets
Thud for summoning
Gravedigger and upgrade animations (Upgrade complete?)
Take increasing damage instead of losing from draw out
When a card leaves hand the next card cycles into it
Enemy draw animation
Discard card animation
Too full hand animation
Active or trap extended animations
Trap exclamation point with mgs sound
golden sword animation
Stop dragging on info panel up
Enhancements
Can't drag through Shade sections?
Drop animation after moving
z order text on top of units
Make the commando a trap
Last card in hand issues?
Playing Paper Boy the card resets issue
Fix moving so the infopanel won't keep coming up
Numbers backwards on enemy hourglasses
targeting lightup and effect tooltip
Heal sound
Ranged attack indicator
Kill self on turn issues
Immune icon
Traps not disappearing when they should be gone, make destroy method??? Make backup plan for ongoings and traps?
Rooted icon
Change Bubba
check immunities aren't going out of control crazy with ferret
Shoto fighter going off over and over cause of traps / (Last effect person going off multiple times?)
Go for lethal

BUGS:
Movement bug when you put it in row 0 or 1?! Have to recruit first?!?!
intercept with 3 interceptors on one side and one on the other
attack didn't continue!!!
Z stacking bug shadows on top of heads
cards readjust after hold click for info
playing card drag over unit to move it?
Attack isn't always on top of other units when sliding forward (ranged attack)
Overkill IN FRONT ROW WITHOUT TARGET BEHIND, SHOULD HIT PLAYER?
With 2 intercepts the halfway doesn't always target the right target
Bug when draw out
Lost but attack still happened
Big attack bug was weird people didn't die and damage was odd
ENEMY ONGOING AND RECRUIT OVERLAPPED THE ANIMATION